Add support for network_cli connection retry (#61103)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/network/user_guide/network_debug_troubleshooting.rst

The terminal plugin regex options ``ansible_terminal_stderr_re`` and ``ansible_terminal_stdout_re`` have
``pattern`` and ``flags`` as keys. The value of the ``flags`` key should be a value that is accepted by
the ``re.compile`` python method.

Intermittent failure while using ``network_cli`` connection type due to slower network or remote target host
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> In Ansible 2.9 and later, the network_cli connection plugin configuration option is added to control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ansible 2.9 and later, the ``network_cli`` connection plugin configuration option is added to control
```

> the number of attempts to connect to remote host, the default number of attempts is three.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the number of attempts to connect to a remote host. The default number of attempts is three.
```

> The delay time between the retires increases after every attempt by power of 2 in seconds till either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The delay time between retires increases after every attempt by power of 2 in seconds until either of the
```

> the maximum attempts are exhausted or any of the ``persistent_command_timeout`` or ``persistent_connect_timeout``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the maximum attempts are exhausted or either the ``persistent_command_timeout`` or ``persistent_connect_timeout``
```

> timer is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
timers are triggered.
```
